thanks I'm nervous everyone is nervous
have you seen other people say that uh I
I think so yeah everybody's nervous what
are you nervous about um talking in
general uh uh talking is hard yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah it's it's I think it's
completely normal to be nervous would it
help you to hear that I'm nervous too or
would that make things worse I don't
know I think it's funny yeah because
like I don't know what we're talking
about mm-hmm and like what if I don't
say the right thing oh it's okay I don't
always say the right thing either but I
feel like you have a very good way of
saying things so I know that's why I'm
nervous right because people come on and
they have this expectation that I have a
good mood saying things mm-hmm and so
like the only thing I can do is
disappoint
nope I don't think so I think you're
good no matter what yeah so if I were to
tell you that what would you say I think
you're God you are him you know what you
bring to the table is what you bring to
the table that's cool yeah see that's a
problem that I kinda have yeah I have I
think I have a bit of impostor syndrome
here when it comes to that yeah so tell
us about that
is that what you want to talk about
today are you gonna talk about something
else
I I could talk about anything yeah what
do you want to talk about
[Music]
yeah that's like something we could talk
about because it's something that like
occurs a lot yeah so what do you mean by
imposter syndrome
or maybe it's not that but um basically
whenever someone tries to like tell me
that I'm like doing really well or that
I'm
mmm performing all of something or like
doing well like whether it's this or
that I always attribute it to not really
being because of me um I think mostly
huh
yeah sorry good oh I think it's mainly
just like the people I'm surrounded by
who like carrying me a lot you get
carried that's how I feel you're the new
band and you're with a bunch of pro
players yes yes together sorry I
probably speak a lot in league terms or
think a lot if that's okay we won't hold
it yeah so then what what are you envy
um what am i yeah like what are you
playing week oh I play ad carry really
play but yeah so you're the carry oh but
um oh no don't know that's just the
leads in real life what are ya what's
your what's your league position in real
life in real life I feel like I'm kind
of like a I feel like a support I feel
like I try to like run around and be
there for everyone as best I can
yeah you know what I am in league but
I'm a minion I just I just run down a
particular Lane mindlessly and get
farmed by other people um it's okay I'm
pretty much the same I'm pretty much
like like a cannon minion if anything
this yeah maybe it's worse why is it I
thought a candid minion was better yeah
I don't know
give me mr. busy there you go messing it
up again no one's around to carry you
now
Yvonne yeah exactly yes me so it sounds
like but it does sound like you try to
help other people a lot uh yeah I think
so yeah
can you at least know about that I guess
it's just kind of what I do a TV I try
to like be there for everyone they need
help or whatever the company needs help
with so yeah it's just like I try to
till I get everything done and make
everyone happy mm-hmm
try to make everyone happy well it also
makes me happy seeing they're happy
because I care about them a lot okay so
it sounds like you really do care I hope
so yeah you hope so yeah I mean oh yeah
I I think I care a lot do you think you
care a lot how would you know I'm just
um I know I think there are a lot
circumstances where if it wasn't them or
yeah if it cuz it feel like in this what
up for what I do I really have to like
the people to like what I do well that's
why um just like interact with them
everyday and like live with them and
like yeah just working with people like
everyday I feel like you sort of have to
like them or like what your life
wouldn't be very like great or you ain't
like your job at all if you didn't
Yvonne would you describe your life is
great
not so much right now it's okay what
what makes it so it sounds like that
question maybe you seem a little bit
more nervous what are you feeling right
now when I asked I feel really nervous
yeah something changed you were talking
a little bit more openly so like what
did you feel when I asked you that
question um I think it's like
overwhelming a lot what's been happening
on like social media or like um I also
kind of got out of a relationship lately
that's been like
really turbulent for my emotions um yeah
so there's just like a whole spectrum of
things that's been like I guess
overwhelming in like this time period
because it feels very I guess it feels
like a there's a lot going on in such a
short amount of time
sure yeah I mean that sounds incredibly
overwhelming like just too much to
handle all at once it's sort of like
you're your ADC is in ting and you're
top lane or DC or it's actually yeah
pretty much there's a lot of stressful
things that's just like every Lane is
falling apart and you're supported
you're trying to you're trying to like
your mid laner to like gone off to a bad
start and ganked by bitter jungler and
then your top laner DC lead and then
your ADC is ending chaos everywhere yeah
and it's like you can't fix everything
set Hatfields
I'm trying to it's like I'm I'm like
slowly like fixing things one by one
sort of thing wow that's actually pretty
impressive because most people just
crumble under the pressure I feel like a
lot of things are like either a with
time it's better or like who you learn
to like manage it better after
experiencing a lot of things so cool
yeah that's you sound like you're quite
a resilient person maybe I never thought
of myself that way how do you think
you're of yourself
[Music]
it's a hard question sounds simple yeah
I don't really know yeah it's like I
just want to just call your attention to
something so it's kind of weird right
that we like think about ourselves in we
know in which ways we don't think about
ourselves but we don't know how we think
about ourselves mm-hmm you don't see
yourself as resilient you're pretty sure
about that but you're not quite sure how
you see yourself which is like a weird
way to live life but that's actually
completely normal we don't really know
we don't think about who we are so maybe
we could try to figure out how you do
think about yourself so some of so one
thing to just acknowledge right is so it
sounds like you think about yourself as
less than what other people see yeah I
would say that for sure yeah so we can
just let's put a pin in that for a
second what's it like to think about
yourself as less than what other people
see I feel like I don't believe anything
that people say so
whenever they say like for example oh
you're like channel is doing really well
or anything I feel like a lot of it is
not because of me it's because of like
um all the really great people like
around me and I also feel like whenever
they say like my
if they say like my work ethic is really
good I feel like that's just what you
should be doing most of the time it's
just like regular work um like if
someone hired you for something or if
like you're working at like an company
IQ just be doing what you're told or
like okay stuff like that which i think
is just like basic
can I just repeat back a little bit of
what I heard sure sounds like you've got
a pretty high evasion rate for
appreciation yeah I think so
it's kind of weird huh yeah like people
trying to tell you that you're doing a
good job you're like dodged easy yeah I
think so and it's still nice to hear but
like um I just remember my friend
walking up to me at a party and then he
was like wow we've on like your channels
YouTube channels doing really well and
I'll just I felt zero like
credit for it I felt like
I didn't feel that much happiness
hearing it I ever Fenny what did you
feel
um the first thing I just said was oh
yeah but it's not me mm-hmm yeah so how
long have you felt that it isn't you for
like a long time
I don't know exactly how long but yeah
it's been like that for a bit have you
felt that way before you started
streaming ah no but that's pretty
different because before such screaming
I was just playing games and I wasn't
there's like no one there's no like
numbers to measure your success or like
any type of stuff like that
it was just like I'm just playing video
games after work and like that's it
sure and and so what affected his
numbers to measure your success huh hmm
I don't know but I feel like in our
industry it's like a lot of people look
at the numbers um I don't find myself
having that much value towards the
numbers especially nowadays I feel like
they're very hollow to me and they're
just like I feel more I put more
emphasis on if I'm happy or not and I
think like if I'm just doing what I
enjoy I don't really care like how much
numbers or whatever I put out are you
happy
in terms of like what I'm doing yeah I
get to like play fret play games with my
friends every day and like that's what I
enjoy I think I'm unhappy if I don't
have friends to play with okay so
earlier I asked you if your life was
great and you said it's okay and so let
me just pause for a moment and think
through what I'm hearing and then you
let me know if we're kind of on the same
page so there are a couple of
circumstances like so you mentioned that
what's going on right now and I don't
know exactly what you're referring to
but I'd love to hear more about that the
second thing you said is that there's a
lot of turbulent emotion around a
breakup so those are sort of like maybe
temporary D buffs right or like you know
they're like conditions like weather
patterns that may clear over time mm-hmm
but I'm also getting some sense that you
know there's something that isn't
temporary somewhere along the way you
started to think that like you know the
numbers and people's appreciation and
your value the value that people see
doesn't like fit with what you see yeah
that doesn't feel quite as temporary to
me that feels like it's sort of baked in
what do you think mm-hmm
yeah I agree so now then what I see is a
fork in the road so what we can do is we
can talk about what's baked in right
like where do you get the I like how can
I say this so you have a particular
impression of yourself and when someone
tries to appreciate you you dodge right
yeah it's like instant rejection almost
and I can't help it exactly so then like
if we think about that the reason that
you're dodging is because it doesn't fit
which means in turn that you have a
particular perception of yourself right
so then the question becomes where did
you learn what you are like how did you
learn that so we can talk about that so
we can talk about the over like the the
idea of like how you view yourself and
like where that comes from or what we
can do is talk a little bit about sort
of the effects of what's going on right
now as you put it or the effects of the
break-up and because those two things
could be related like sometimes when
people break up with people like when
there's a breakup going on their sense
of self-worth takes a hit and it becomes
harder for them to appreciate it to
accept the appreciation of others mmm I
think we could go with what's going on
right now and the breakup okay cool
let's do that first okay see if we have
time for the other one so tell me which
one of those do you want to talk about
first the breakup or what's going on
right now
I'm not sure which order is better or if
there is one yeah okay maybe we can just
do it in the order that you mentioned
them okay
would you venture first uh things that's
going on right now cool how nervous are
you by the way um look I'm like shaking
a bit yeah yeah so do you want to just
think about that for a second should we
help you with that uh I think it's okay
I think he's just like
nervous to talk about of it okay sure so
let's let's give it a shot and if you're
still feeling pretty nervous we can
pause and try to help you with your
nervousness that's not okay yeah yeah
because I you know if you're gonna be
nervous for an hour and a half that's
gonna be rough man no no I mean like I
think no matter what I'll feel a little
nervous but just like you know talking
about stuff especially having you out
there it's just like a little
intimidating okay
let me ask you one last question to
derail you because you're you're just
getting your feet steady under you yeah
um do you view yourself as a courageous
person um no but I am trying to like do
a lot of things this year to like push
myself out of my comfort zone yeah is
this one of them um kind of it's like
not something I feel like I had to like
really like muster myself up to do it's
something that like I've listened like
watched a lot of your videos or streams
and like I like really want to like have
a talk with you so it's like something I
wanted to do it wasn't something that I
was like to like force myself to do okay
so now I have another question what did
you want to talk to me about why did you
want to come on here um I kind of just I
have this is it uh I never felt like I
needed to talk to someone maybe until I
was going through like a huge debate in
terms of my relationship and then also I
guess that was a main thing that is done
from um because I want to like learn
about myself more so that I could kind
of have a better idea of like what I
want or like what I can do for myself
this year like stuff like that cool man
that's um
I feel inspired listening to you it's
that weird I know it's it's confusing
right so sorry because I'm probably
making you more nervous because here
comes nomination so get ready like
you're about to dodge yeah ready ready
for it I mean so I think it's really
cool that you noticed that your life was
not what you wanted it to be and you
thought intentionally about how you can
make it different from what it is hmm
like basically what I think is inspiring
is that you chose not to live on
autopilot right like for a moment like
it's like a minion is on autopilot
you're just gonna run down like we're
just gonna live life and just just you
know that's what we're gonna do we're
not gonna think we're not gonna switch
lanes we're not gonna adapt relationship
is relationship let's just go
and then here's Yvonne who's kind of
like well maybe I should think about
like I'm not sure if this relationship
is right for me like maybe I should move
lanes and then like what's the goal like
why am I playing this game of life like
what do I want out of life like that's
actually pretty cool what do you think
about that um I think it comes from like
what bothers me about other people I
think something that bothers me is like
when I hear someone complaining a lot
and they don't do anything to then and
they don't try to do anything about it
like there are some things that are out
of your control but the things that are
in your control I feel like if you could
do something to change what you're
complaining about then you should or at
least like have the effort to sure so
yeah I just wanted to like get help with
that I guess like cool yourself up do
you view yourself as a complainer um I
rant but if I complain about something I
will try to solve it at least
I hope I'm like that like I try I think
I'm like that yeah yeah interesting yeah
I mean so that sounds like a positive
quality like it sounds like something
that's something that you respect and
appreciate about yourself hmm
I think so I never thought of that
specifically I just know I don't like
that about other people when they do it
so I try not to do but I may not be I'm
not perfect so maybe I still complain
and not fix things you know yeah I don't
think anyone thinks you're perfect but
you know at the same time I was just
kind of thinking that sometimes what
bothers us and other people is what we
see in ourselves mm-hmm like sometimes
that's the case do you think that's the
case here
mmm not so much I think it's because I
do that that it bothers me maybe one
other I see other people not doing that
okay maybe we can come back to that
second sorry that I I'm kind of bouncing
the conversation around like oh no yeah
and so okay so you were saying you know
you were debating about something about
your relationship and that's why you
wanted to come on I'm just gonna try to
toss out one more compliment that you
can dodge would you would you consider
yourself I mean so I I think what you're
doing is courageous what do you think
what um what am i doing like oh come on
street talking about it
[Music]
yeah I know it's not maybe what's
happening in your head let's let's look
oh yeah it's a party that's dodging
there's party like no yeah like it like
yes but it doesn't feel curry just to me
because I don't I think it maybe more so
to other people I guess I'm not as
afraid to me I'm just like okay okay
it's it's not as heart you don't really
it's not that you discount your
courageousness it's just like actually
it's not that hard for you to come on
yeah yeah yeah exactly
okay cool so that doesn't that doesn't
feel to me that you're really dodging
the compliment or appreciation so much
as you just don't really think it's that
applicable yeah okay I can live with
that so maybe we should talk about can
you tell us what debate you were having
about your relationship um so I there's
kind of a timeline I guess um I started
dating my first boyfriend when I was
like 16 and that relationship last hit
like seven years and then it was like a
month or so like not too long afterwards
I got into my next relationship that
lasted another almost seven years and
but he was just like really too good to
like kind of pass up at the time like I
just met him and I was like go out this
person's like
amazing like he's so different from my
ex he was just like um and I guess like
the debate I got was this person is like
if I like he did he was like everything
I would have wanted in someone um he
like said and did all like the right
things and what are the right mmm like
he would and whenever I was stressed he
would always ask me like oh like what
can I do to help like he like health
isn't a lot and sounds like he was
supportive mm-hmm he's like he's super
super supportive and almost like
anything that I do or yeah ever anything
that I do and he's like really funny and
he all my anyone that all my friends
like really like him there's he just
like gets along with everyone and he's
like a really good person and I guess um
so for a really long time I never felt
like I was really happy and it wasn't
you felt like you you were really happy
um being with him is I'm very happy but
for myself it's like I felt like more
within this year that um more
reoccurring thoughts would happen where
I wonder what would be like if I was on
my own because I was in a relationship
since I was 16 pretty much
and like I've never gotten the chance to
be like independent I don't know what I
am like on my own I've always had
someone else there and I felt like such
a strong need for independence despite
having being with someone who was like
so great um Wow
so it was like something that it felt
like a missing puzzle piece that I would
like never experience or have if I would
just date with this person forever um I
needed I it was like something that
before I kind of brushed off and then it
became more and more like in my face as
it like popped up in my thoughts and
more and then I felt like I just really
needed to know like what it's like to
truly be like on my own and how I grow
as a person and what when you say it
sort of
come in your face what does that look
like um like I just had more and more
thoughts I kept thinking about like I
want to like know what it's like
like I I don't know what I'd be what
it's like at all for me to be on my own
and like having to tackle problems on my
own or like how it grow as a person I
think in like your early years you have
a lot of like finding yourself or like
exploring or like experiencing things
that help you grow a lot and I feel like
when you say God knows what what ages
are we talking about just to clarify I
feel like in your early 20s okay you
have like a lot that of like I guess
things that just shape who you are as a
person and helps you grow so yeah yeah
so you feel like you kind of missed out
on that I guess being in a relationship
I don't know if I
ever like like I just don't know I would
just never know what what's what am I
like
without someone that's just it yeah so
can I just point out like an interesting
kind of connection that my mind is
making so earlier I had asked you like
you know you'd said that you're you
don't view yourself Brazil is resilient
and I asked how do you view yourself and
you're like I don't know and I'm just
wondering whether what you're talking
about
maybe is part of the reason that you
don't know who you are because you've
always sort of existed in relation to
someone else mm-hmm and you don't know
you know in a sense it's kind of like
you know you're duo queueing for
everything and so the challenge is like
if you're duo queueing you never really
know like what your skill is means
you've always yeah you know it's like
you're never solo queueing so like
mm-hmm and and sure you're gonna hit a
particular rank but like how much of
that is like you being carried and like
you doing the carry mm-hmm is that how
you feel um not too much in terms of
like I never felt like I was getting
carried by someone in terms of in terms
of like relationships hmm um my first
boyfriend was just someone that I met
while I was in high school and he was my
first boyfriend so we end up dating for
a really long time because it's like
you're an experienced you try to make it
work do you like it's like a very naive
like I really wanted like my first
boyfriend to like our last boyfriend yes
have a thought but then it was kind of
like saying really wasn't working
there's no way like you hit the point
where you're like do I want to be with
this person for the rest of my life and
because I do you break up for you're
with them forever right so that's
there's no you got to get out now and I
just just mustered it up and it was like
one of the hardest things ever had to do
because he was all I knew for like seven
years I was so attached as family and we
had mutual friends and everything yeah
so your lives have been kind of in tank
together yeah but like with my most
recent boyfriend I was like he gave me
so much freedom and I um could do like
whatever pretty much like he didn't
really hold me back from doing anything
but it's just like the fact of the
matter is that I've just been in a
relationship for life alas how many
years and I just never got to be on my
own
but that is a conflicting part because
it's like he's so good but um I I just
was like it felt like Miss timing yeah
so what is what is the appeal of
independence like in your mind what was
it that you wanted from being not what
did you I don't even know if there's
like something that I want in particular
it's more like than not knowing what
it's like period I think I never got to
experience it's like missing on like the
experience and like how I could be as a
person or what I'd be on my own
interesting
hmm and so so can are you still with
your boyfriend or is that no nein no so
how did that how did that happen
[Music]
it's something we I brought up to him
like during Christmas and then it kind
of like you know I kind of like brushed
it off and I could tell like he didn't
want to break up obviously so he also
like um tried to like just be like yeah
um but then yeah what Oh like kind of
like um he was just like saying I can't
remember what he said to be honest but
is something that along the lines of
like I could tell he was trying to just
be like yeah but we're like you know
we're we're good together
okay it's just kind of like that um and
then and I agreed but it was just like a
thought that just kept surfacing and
there's to the point where like I know
that if I stay with him I will think
whether it's a year down the line 20
years down the line 20 foot like 30
years down the line that like I still
would wonder what it would have been
like to be on my own and so I didn't
want to like
be with him but still have those
thoughts I needed to just know what it's
like and so it sounds like you wanted to
avoid a life of regret
yes oh yeah pretty much
and that you would have regretted
staying with him um I don't know if I
would have regretted staying with him
but I would have just regretted like not
knowing
and not knowing that I'll not be yeah
yeah yeah but yeah I think it's an
important distinction that what you
actually regret is not knowing what
Independence feels like mm-hmm-hmm this
is tricky upon yeah it's real tricky
yeah what I'm hearing from you is like
it sounds like you understood that you
had something that was valuable and good
mm-hmm that's what made it super hard
and that's why I wanted to talk to
someone because it's like
he's totally someone that I would see
myself with and then and be happy with I
like it just felt like I'm missing like
I just I just needed it sure of it
and so what what happened next um and
then uh we tried talking still for a bit
to keep in touch and then it's just too
hard because like my emotions are too
turbulent whenever I get a message from
him or um anything like that it like
yeah so so after Christmas you guys kind
of broke up or no this was a this was
like in um we broke up right at the
start of June okay and and so when you
say you broke up so what what how did
that go
it feels bad it feels like I'm kind of
being I'm being selfish um everyone
around me feel sad for us feels super
sad like Oh a lot of people say they're
getting like secondhand depression just
from listening to because it feels like
we're like we love each other so much
but it's like almost like we have to be
a part sort of thing
so it feels very tragic like sad sounds
tragic yeah so I've been having a hard
time especially the past like a couple
of weeks to be like happy but like it's
been obviously I know it's like a time
thing I know as time goes on like it
would be better but it was just harder
there's a couple of weeks and like he
messaged me once and he came over once
to like just give me a cake and then
like I I felt so sad it was like the day
that I finally felt better and then he
came over and then I was like oh my god
it's like everyone was sad like the
people in my house were sad and like
yeah how does it feel like to be someone
who takes care of everyone and then make
everyone sad
it felt like I hated that I was like a
negative energy I felt like a because I
was sad I was like exerting a bunch of
like sad energy and they all told me it
was okay but it felt bad because
normally I'm the one who's like I Vince
I feel like I've been so like stable
kind of throughout all the years like I
never felt sad or depressed I've always
been like content and like pretty like
relatively like chill you know kind just
like a lot low like yeah yeah and this
was I guess the time where I felt like I
was very I was more negative or more
like sad
I don't like exerting that energy at
least for too long and two weeks felt
long yeah so let's ask so let me ask you
a couple questions about that so the
first is is that okay um I think so
because I know it's only temporary
I wouldn't want to like be a negative
ball of energy for like a long long
period of time but like it feels good
now that like knowing after like two to
three weeks like I feel like it's
getting better mm-hmm okay yeah so the
next question I have for you is do you
think you were selfish
I don't think so but in this case I feel
like I am because
I think it's because
I know he doesn't want to break up
that I feel like it's a little selfish
and that
we could get back together in like a
year from now or whatever and it'd be
like him waiting or whatever even though
I'm not asking him to and that feels
like selfish because I know him I kind
of feel like he would wait regardless
until he knew like there's no chance
[Music]
yeah so it feels like selfish in that
regard
is that okay
I think that's okay and
something bad happens in between or like
yeah um I did I don't think it would be
okay if I started seeing someone else
what do you alright you just lost me for
a second so so what would not be okay
about that because he's waiting for you
[Music]
what's up cuz I would hurt him or what
okay so you don't think it's okay so let
me just share a couple of thoughts so
first of all so you got it you got to
like let me finish okay cuz I'm gonna
say some things but sometimes I say some
things that sound hurtful but it's
really not my intention
so first thing is I think what you did
was selfish and I also think that that's
completely okay so I think sometimes we
forget and and know that did I just
body you there was that hard to hear
okay no so I think sometimes we forget
like so we have this idea of like who we
are right and Yvonne is the person that
takes care of other people she's the
person who supports our you're the
support right and then they're their
takers and they're givers and sometimes
we go through life thinking that we're a
giver and so it can be really hard to
like be a taker because that's not who
you are and so like it's funny because
we kind of say you know we treat
selfishness like a bad thing because in
a sense it is bad but I don't think the
world is quite that black-and-white like
I think anytime you break up in a
relationship where the other person
doesn't want to break up because you're
not happy that's selfish and also I
think it's fine right like as human
beings you know it's it's okay and I
think this is a big problem that a lot
of people have that like it's okay to
you know put yourself first I don't
think you should put yourself first all
the time I don't think that you should
you know
I think you should be careful about I
think the most important thing is that
you're intentional and aware of when
you're putting yourself first and when
you're not putting yourself first the
biggest problems I've ever seen in
relationships and we are when people are
not aware of like when they're being
selfish and when they are like when
someone doesn't when someone thinks that
they're being selfless and they're
actually being selfish like that's what
tanks a relationship for one person to
say hey this doesn't work for me right
now and I need to like put myself first
I think that's fine and is it gonna hurt
another person yes and that's actually
okay - I don't think that we can live
our lives controlling I mean there's
certainly some things that we can do
that can hurt other people but I think
some of that is on them and some of that
is on us mm-hmm and I'm not saying that
you know you can't hurt another person
because you clearly can and maybe that's
when you refer to what's going on right
now I think that's what we see yeah and
so I'm not saying that you know you you
can't hurt like of course you can hurt
another human being but I think you know
some of that is like their investment
and their attachment to the relationship
is what's gonna cause them hurt and and
sometimes I think it is okay to end a
relationship that your partner doesn't
want to end because it's not working for
you because that's just sort of that's
life
right mm-hmm what do you think about all
that that makes sense
better than what was in my head what was
in your head oh I just felt bad and I
felt like
Oh
I just felt bad
he asked me if like what I'm
doing feels fair
and I guess it does feel like it's fair
to me but not him sure and I agree and
what I'm saying is that sometimes it's
okay to be unfair in a relationship like
that's this is a crazy thing is like you
know we try to be perfect but I think
that like life is muddy right when
you're playing League of Legends like
sometimes you get damaged it's part of
the game you know it's it's like and and
is it unfair to him absolutely
and sometimes I think that that's okay
which is weird because like a lot of
times we tie together like we assume
that unfairness does unacceptable
mmm-hmm which is like a really really
interesting nuance and that we feel like
everyone has to be fair all the time but
in my experience of relationships like
relationships are frequently unfair and
even the healthiest ones are frequently
very unfair and generally speaking we
hope that over time that there's
fairness over the aggregate but like
he's invested a lot in the relationship
it sounds like he's been very supportive
it sounds like he's been a good person
he's been nice to your friends he's he's
really supported you and so it kind of
feels like he kind of got screwed mm-hmm
you know cuz because you're and I'm not
trying to beat you up here but I think I
think it's important to call it what it
is because like from his perspective
he's invested seven years into this
relationship and like the hardest thing
from his perspective is he's not doing
anything wrong yeah like it's so easy to
are not so easy but it comes way easier
to break up with someone and be broken
up with if you [ __ ] up in some way
yeah yeah but like what the [ __ ] he did
everything right yeah and I'm gonna be a
little bit hyperbolic here so you know
let me know if your feelings get hurt
but I'm just gonna hmm you're kind of
being neutral and kind of quiet and so
when you're when people are neutral I
tend to show more emotion okay so let me
know if you feel judged but he's like
what the [ __ ] yeah yeah I don't like
you're breaking up with me when I've
supported you for seven years and like
you're dumping me because you need
independence mm-hmm like why don't you
tell me when you were 24 so I
moved on with my life you know what
that's not he feels and that's a fair
way to feel mm-hmm and just because he
feels like it's unfair doesn't mean that
you can't break up with it mm-hmm no
thank you
just one of those things that feels bad
but you know it is what it is yeah
do people yeah so you seem like okay
with this mm-hmm fry that's impressive
what Oh but uh-oh is is it yeah I think
it's really hard to so I think a lot of
people feel a lot of people have trouble
tolerating the idea that they did
something that was unfair to another
person and they actually knew all kinds
of mental gymnastics to convince
themselves that it was fair that's what
I think is really impressive because
I've talked to a lot of people who who
are in your situation and find some way
to make it fair
mm-hmm right they come up with all these
reasons of things that like maybe your
boyfriend did or didn't do or like you
know they like rationalize things or
they justify things but I think a
genuine lose I really respect what
you're saying which is that yeah it kind
of sucks for him but I had to do it
because I had to do it mm-hmm which sort
of sounds cold but I think that it's
actually incredibly authentic and it's
better to be honest with yourself and
know that you did something that like
hurt another human being then pretend
that you did it that's I felt more like
also I'd be dishonest with him if I
stayed with him and felt that way yeah
so you know the other way to look at it
is yeah you told him it like so on the
one hand you maybe could have told him a
little bit earlier but you know I think
you told him when you did because that's
when you started to feel this way it's
more like a lot strongly about it yeah
on the other hand you know I think it is
good that you know you didn't just
squash those feelings and then go
another seven years yeah because I've
seen those relationships to where you
know then it usually ends in divorce
mm-hmm and and yeah so okay so I feel
like we kind of covered that I have a
couple of other different thoughts any
any thoughts questions reflections oh
that's good okay is that helpful yeah it
is really helpful how can I go for a
bathroom base yes absolutely
you
posture check
[Music]
wait how am i saying hi to myself dr. K
Chicago maybe
seems uncomfortable for the headrest but
maybe it isn't
you
so what should we do chat should we go
philosophical should we talk about
current events or should we talk about
Foster syndrome sorry I'm
welcome back so I have a couple of
questions for you of on okay so I sort
of feel like we're done talking about
that thing you seem to be actually
pretty level-headed about it
I'm not getting like a whole lot of like
unresolved piles of yeah you know motion
so a couple of other thoughts I mean
does that feel okay to you I mean you're
nodding but okay yeah how's your
nervousness by the way uh better now
yeah I can tell yeah so a couple of
interesting so a couple of directions so
we can talk about what's going on now we
can talk about impostor syndrome and
where you kind of get the idea that you
know why you dodge when people try to
appreciate you because you'd a dodge at
all right now by the way I don't know if
you remember not like dodging or no
cognitive biases or anything like that
least not that I could pick up
so either you're out playing me or
they're not there I think is just in
certain areas like maybe not in all
aspects of life but in that aspect I do
feel that way yeah I would agree with
that
so we can talk about kind of what's
going on right now how that's stressful
where you get your idea of like who you
are we can also dig into a little bit
more about that sort of like thirst for
independence and where that comes from
I think though like those are kind of
deeper discussions the other interesting
thing this is a little bit philosophical
a little bit yogic but you know it was
and so this may be a little bit less
personal I don't know how helpful this
is gonna be but I find it interesting is
the idea of living a life without
regrets right so like when you're faced
with a choice in life and you say this
is good but if I do this then I may
regret something like how do you know
when to change and how do you know when
to concur so you're essentially giving
in to your fear of regret by making a
change in your relationship you see that
mmm-hmm so when do you conquer the fear
of regret and when do you give in to the
fear of regret and I don't think that
one is necessarily better than the other
because sometimes giving in to the fear
of regret is exactly what you need to
like that's how you make good choices
and other times it's how you make
terrible choices yeah right so like if
I'm
in like my mid-40s and I have a midlife
crisis and I think about all of the
things I feel tied down with a mortgage
and paying college funds and stuff like
that and I think about you know I wanted
to get a you know like a motorcycle and
like drive across Asia and then I like
that regret and I'm like [ __ ] that I'm
gonna divorce I'm gonna go because I
have to like do this for myself
otherwise I'll die on my deathbed and
all have regrets so when is it the right
choice to give in to the fear of regret
and when did is when is it the wrong
choice I don't even know how to begin
that discussion but I think it's a
really interesting conundrum right is it
because there is a road in which you can
essentially let go of your fear of what
could have been and stick with what you
have yeah and it's just a interesting
kind of conundrum that I was noticing
that you know you were facing it and we
sort of had this idea that like you got
to do you but I I don't know if that's
always true because sometimes that just
turns you into an [ __ ] yeah I think
it really depends on what it is because
I think like in my case it's like it
would be also unfair to him and it's
like something that I didn't just like
randomly thought of and on a whim it's
like something that's been really goes
fairly important and somewhat reasonable
to do so I think it feels like very
dream you'd have to definitely be way
more careful about that yeah so I agree
with you a hundred percent and also
having talked to some 45 year olds they
also think about it a lot sometimes they
think about in four years mm-hmm and
they feel like it is unfair to their
partner as well to be in a marriage
where you're not happy mm-hmm so I think
sometimes they think the same things
even though I'm painting a picture
that's like far more reason I mean far
less reasonable sometimes those people
feel the same way and I think it's an
interesting question to figure out like
you know how do you
what's when what's right and what's
wrong but anyway yeah so what what do
you want to talk about because I think
we still have a little bit of time you
wanna talk about what's going on right
now you want to talk about a little bit
more about imposter syndrome hmm where
independence where the need for
independence comes from why why you get
pissed off when people complain and do
nothing about it I think we can talk
about what's going on right now yeah so
tell me what's going on right now um so
right now there's a lot of the sexual
harassment and sexual assault stuff
going around on social media and I guess
there's like some things that i
minimized a lot before that are starting
to what feels like blow up in my face
now and um when I was in those
situations I guess
both times I just like froze at certain
points and like I don't know why I do
that or like how to prevent that or like
what do you mean by those situations
what are you froze what does that mean
um in which like the
sexual
iseman or assault or it happened do you
mm-hmm
oh [ __ ] that's awful
have you talked about this like if you
because I know a lot of people are like
posting stuff publicly you mentioned any
of this to people before oh no I haven't
um but I've talked to my friends about
it okay so the first question I mean
this question genuinely I understand
that we sort of said we're going to talk
about this but I would really think
about whether you're to what degree
you're comfortable disclosing stuff like
here and now because I definitely don't
want to ask you things that you're not
comfortable saying mm-hmm
so let's just think about that for a
second because I'm you know my next
question is gonna be like what happened
yeah and but I want to just make sure I
don't want you to feel I want to
acknowledge that you may feel pressure
to answer that question and at the same
time I want to give you the space to not
answer it and also I'm going to judge
you for like not speaking because you're
not ready I think I'm okay with like
explaining scenarios and like
circumstances and how I feel and stuff
but I don't want to like name people
okay so anything okay
I completely understand and respect that
and but I I want to just I think it's
important if it's okay with you for us
to also talk about what makes you
uncomfortable naming people
hmm not that you have to name the people
but can we explore the feeling of
hesitation about naming people yeah okay
some of it yeah
great I'm just asking for whatever you
feel comfortable yet there because and
now I want you to step out of this
discussion and talk to me we're not
talking about this now we're just step
out of it we're gonna go madam for a
second so Yvonne I want us to think a
little bit about our opportunities in
this conversation so you're gonna have
personal feelings fine it can be hard
for you fine there can be all kinds of
consequences of this conversation the
reason that I'm particularly interested
in would like permission to explore your
feelings to not name names and explore
the boundary because you drew a line in
the sand right you said I'm okay talking
about all this [ __ ] but I'm not took
okay talking about this and I think that
line in the sand is something that many
many people experience and is part of
what's responsible for what we're the
situation yeah does that make sense to
you yeah so I think I'm not asking you
to name names I'm really not yeah at the
same time I think it's very very
important for everyone to understand
when someone is a victim of some kind or
the receiver of sexual harassment or
assault like what is going on that keep
slip like you don't want to say
something right in fact you actively
don't want to and like what's up with
that because that's something that I
think we need to understand I'm not
saying you should change some people may
say that you should change but I'm not
it's not my place yeah so okay cool
can we talk we get all right so what
happened
[Music]
uh the first time
I had a club for a friend's birthday and
then he got a table and then I worried
by
in 2018 okay oh okay so a couple years
ago yeah okay a couple years ago and
then
it was next to
Abell of some people that I knew
for me sports
and they weren't people that I met
before
I just know them because I because I see
them on I'll see us and stuff and then
the guys it was like talking to me
because he recognized me from one of our
parties and then he was just like oh
like you're like you've gone from
offline TV and like stuff like that and
then he like struck up a conversation
and then he also like he asked me like
what ethnicity I was and I said oh I'm
like Chinese and then he like talked to
the other people that we were there too
and he asked them like the same thing
kind of you're in their similar
conversation and then like yeah I
thought he was like being pretty
friendly but just like talking wise like
there wasn't anything crazy and he was
like pretty drunk and then we walked out
of the club and then he like said to
someone beside him who was like there he
is just like
how do I say I want to [ __ ] you in
Chinese and
then later
we I try to get into an uber to go to my
friend's house we're all in like a van
because a bunch of us are going together
and then he
so my boyfriend at the time is well it's
us in the backseat my boyfriend that guy
and me and then sitting in the middle
yeah I don't know why he was sitting in
the middle it's just when we got into
like her I don't even know why he came
with us to be honest he just saw maybe
where I was going and so he followed I'm
not sure but um he was just in in
between us I don't think he he didn't
know we were dating I think cuz it was
just like um yeah and then in the fan
like I was wearing like a crop top and
like a skirt and he like it's a good
tough it's like a t-shirt is usually
pretty long a crop top is kinda like
cropped in the middle okay so when
you're sitting down it could like go up
a little bit thank you yeah um it's like
a [ __ ] it's just a short t-shirt and
then so like is your is your belly
button showing in the crop top no no not
even it goes past that okay and then uh
he has some I don't remember how but I
just remember like he had his hand like
under my crop top like on my skin
and I felt super uncomfortable like his
arm around me like touching me there and
then I
I remember I was like I have to like
stop this and then I like grabbed his
hand I grabbed his hand and I put it
over my head back to where he was or
back to just you know on his side this
is my side and like I put it back on his
side and then
and then somehow he had his hand on my
ass
and then I just froze
like he basically went back ahead how my
ass and I just frozen I didn't doing or
or from his side all the way around like
like a round like this yeah and then I
just like froze and I just couldn't do
anything there was so because I felt
like I already like threw his hand away
and he did it again and I didn't know
what to do and then
yeah and yeah that's and then we got
back to my friend's place and then I
think he saw there's like a ton of
people there and he just left afterwards
and then later on that way like a couple
days later he like DM me on Twitter and
he's like hey I don't remember like
anything from that night just remember
meeting you
that's it and I didn't reply
can I jest for a moment yeah
man so [ __ ] creepy oh my god it's the
first one I feel like that just had that
I didn't get that out out there yeah
so creepy I can't I'm just and so you
said that he talked okay I'm just I
don't even know what to say I don't know
if I should ask you questions or just
hear the second one and then I don't
know what do you think
I all see I'm not sure but like you you
can do whichever you feel like good work
this ah Yvonne I need your help because
I have no like - how the [ __ ] am I
supposed to know when supposed to work
best I don't know I there okay uh um let
me give you two options
you tell me which one I think what works
so one thing that we can do is we can
just hear the second story and then like
try to find themes or common things or
we can like tunnel down into this one
first okay what do you think okay maybe
second one and then find like the common
theme I think I just want to like yeah
[Music]
second one is
someone who is like a really good friend
of mine who I like trusted a lot and oh
my god every story is the I'm drunk
story but he was drunk he came he just
uh he was out drinking
and
I was like in my room in my bed and then
he came in and he do you guys
okay yeah how does he get into your
house uh he was just teach us can or yes
yeah just a good friend
and he came in and
laid down next to me and
felt it was fun that wasn't anything
weird and then he grabbed my hand and
like held it and I froze I was like
maybe he's just like drunk and like
wants to just chill or something um and
then he like started brushing my hand
against his face and then he like kissed
it and then
ah
and then he also like
went into like my sleeve like my t-shirt
sleeve and then like
basically just
and it just it was weird like it was
like an area I was uncomfortable with
and then I just like froze and like I
didn't know what to do and then ten
minutes later and then he like stopped
and then he like it looked like he liked
what he like fell asleep or something
and then ten minutes ago he's like whoa
how did I get here and I was like you
don't remember anything and he's like no
and I was like okay
and I thought like he just you know was
that just
drunken maybe he blocked down he forgot
I don't know
and then um
I asked him the next day I was like do
you like so do you remember what
happened last night and he's just like
no and I was like okay um but I just
kind of brushed it off I guess and then
a month later or like I don't even know
if as a month later or a couple weeks
later but like something he came in
again again when he was drunk
and then
apologized for what he did he said he
knew he was like overstepping or
something and that it was like yeah
uh so he remembered when he was drunk
again
but he didn't remember when I asked him
he was sober the next day that time so
do you think about that
I feel like he remembers and he just
lied that he forgot what happened last
night
or the other night why would someone do
that
what maybe be about remembering
so he doesn't have to be as responsible
for what he did can you think of any
other reasons
responsibilities absolutely one of the
biggest reasons that people lie yeah I'm
not really sure what the other could be
right now
but he apologized and then ten minutes
later he did the exact same thing I'm
also - the t-shirt part I gotta say the
not sure it's [ __ ] weird man
it is weird yes is yes it's weird I
don't even I mean I've heard a lot of
weird [ __ ] in my day and it's it's so
interesting how when we think about
violation we think about certain body
parts but holy [ __ ] the t-shirt sounds
so creepy it is is like an uncomfortable
place I wouldn't waste to like touch
people it's like when you think about
like boundaries and violations like we
generally think about like genitals yeah
or even the face but like the t-shirt is
just I mean it it sound I mean it sorry
if I'm talking too much about the
services making you uncomfortable it's
just hearing your story has made me
really appreciate how violation doesn't
have to do with genitals right there's
something about the experience of like
boundaries and space and lines and
crossing lines that is not just you know
like there's a certain essence to it
it's like a place that no one normally
touches it was like right on the side
here that's like next to you know and
it's like yeah it feels very like
private still or like it's just not
somewhat somewhere I want my good friend
to be touching me that's weird
yeah like I don't know and like you just
pretended like you forgot about the
whole thing how does that make you feel
i minimized it a lot
cuz I would still see him around so I
basically tried to just
act like it never happened so see that's
interesting the language there is
interesting I traveled to act like it
never happened so what I'm hearing from
you is there's actually like a part of
your mind that is actively suppressing
what happened yeah and I did that for a
very long time how do you understand
that part of you oh I didn't I think
until recently when I started reading
everything and I realized how much I
minimized it and it's to the point where
it's very hard for me to ignore it now
right so what I'm asking you is why does
a mind so now we're gonna go meta again
okay like so like let me just so
actually first let me ask you so after
sharing this stuff or saying it out loud
do you have any thoughts or feelings
that come up like how do you feel after
sharing this I feel like upset that he
was able to get away with it
um
[Music]
that
people who just
people don't see him that way
which sucks people don't see him that
way
and so what how does that shape what you
do
[Music]
I don't really know it just
yeah so let's look at that so when
people don't see someone a particular
way what I'm hearing from you is that it
makes it harder for you to run against
the grain
one's thinking one way it's hard to
speak up hmm I feel differently from
that and I can't really explain it
[Music]
yeah it's just not something can yeah so
Yvonne I really am gonna press you here
if that's okay because I think it's very
important for everyone out there
listening to understand why it's hard
for you to speak mmm right so like I'm
hearing a theme here which is that like
you kind of made like there were lots of
points where
you could have said something and you
didn't and I'm not blaming you for that
I'm just saying that I think it's a
testament to like the pressure that you
feel in those moments does that make
sense
mm-hmm it's like really really hard to
speak and the question yes why right so
like when when a dude so first of all so
it sounds like he asked someone else how
do you say I want to [ __ ] or something
in Chinese right or no he said I want
how do you mean how do you say I want to
[ __ ] you in Chinese and he wasn't
talking to you he was talking to anyone
else yeah man I could hear it okay so
like you're pretty sure it was directed
towards you which you know when he
climbs into the car and starts putting
his hand on your ass we can either flip
to and do together yeah and and so you
know I'm just I'm kind of envisioning
because you use this phrase you say you
use the word froze mm-hmm and I'd really
like to understand you know as best as
you can and I understand it's hard
because like we don't talk about the
stuff and like this is the problem right
as people don't know so if we think
about like what we do on the stream we
help people put words to things that
they don't understand and by one person
putting words to it it helps everyone
else recognize oh [ __ ] that's what I'm
feeling
mm-hmm and I haven't been able to put
words to it and and if it's okay with
you and it's not you know like you you
draw the line wherever you want to or
you know you call it quits whenever
you're ready to and I really I'm not
trying to I won't judge you for that at
the same time I do feel like it's very
important for people to at least
understand how you feel about it and I
find myself because if I think I think
if we want to fix this we have to help
people understand like how you freeze
because it's shocking to me that
something like this can happen and by
shocking it once again I don't blame you
for it but I think it's just it speaks
to how big of a problem this is that you
can be in a car with your boyfriend and
a dude can be like feeling you up
there's a lot of stuff here that just
boggles my mind like you know when when
your friend comes in and lays down next
to you in bed like is that something
that happened like is that normal within
the range of how you interact with
people and I'm not trying to paint you
and about just yet and and so so you
know like how does how does a situation
arise where like he thinks that that's
acceptable and furthermore when he's
laying in bed like what makes it hard
for you I don't want to say what makes
it hard for you to tell him to leave but
because I've heard your language it was
sort of like well maybe it's just this
like there's a part of your mind that is
telling you that this is not okay and
what I'm also hearing you is there's a
part of your mind that is trying to like
be the Mafia and like shut up the part
of your mind that's telling you it's not
okay
that's almost how it sounds to me does
that make sense yeah like you tried
really hard to minimize it it's almost
like the secret police is like showing
up at your door and telling the part of
your mind it's like hey this is [ __ ]
up they're like don't say anything
and even now that I mean I'm guessing
that that's still there because you even
said I don't want to name names so I
want you to like look within yourself
and try to think is there a part of you
that's saying and I'm sorry that this is
hurting you I really I really am that
but like you know I think it scares the
[ __ ] out of me that there's like some
part of you that like keeps you from
speaking and I'm not saying you're dumb
and I'm not saying it's bad I'm saying
like that's the reality that my face
what we're seeing is like the actual
struggle like this is why people say
silent because something within you is
telling you
Evon whatever you do do not open your
mouth what do you see that yeah what is
that
how would you feel about yourself if you
did open your mouth and let me know if
we got to stop
I just can't
I think is it's not just mean that's
like it just affects a lot of things so
I can't say anything
you
I'm gonna think about it you could keep
going if you want to I'm just letting
you know that I think there's a lot
there and I'm gonna do my best
to pull as much out of that statement as
I can because I recognize that this is
painful for you in some way
so I'm gonna try to make every word
count if that makes sense
what are the consequences that you're
afraid of
you
everything that happens after
but what does your mind envision will
happen after
things will just be very scary
what will occur
I think
you
it's just there's a lot that comes with
it so like it's like hard for me to say
anything
okay
i its weird so I found myself smiling
there for a second
did you remember earlier when I was like
thinking you're a courageous person
mm-hmm I I think I think twice as much
now for 10 times as much I thought
you're gonna say opposite yeah I'm not
surprised because how do you feel
[Music]
the same I do I just feel like I guess
you just emphasized it a lot more
they're like I really can't say anything
and that feeling just really sucks what
sucks about that feeling
the under different circumstances are a
lot of other things that I have to
consider I would say something so I'm
wondering if we should just stop this
conversation because I don't want this
to damage you in any way shape or form
what do you think
I don't think it's damaging I think I'm
just like
I just don't
or people to know okay so if people knew
how would you what would happen that
you're afraid of what would you what
would you they think about you
I don't think it'd be any
thing to Adam
I just think chaos the world burned down
and like that's just it's how I see it
yeah yeah well I mean on the one hand
sort of makes sense because I can
imagine why you would want to stay
silent if the alternative is is burning
the world out yeah right I think for me
Vaughn it's incredibly confusing so I
tend to be like a pretty good judge of I
can like read people's minds kind of and
even then I mean I could you know I can
take a stab at it but to me it's a
little bit confusing about you know what
what is it that you're afraid of like
and the other the other interesting
thing is that I wonder if it's actually
fear that's keeping your mouth that I'm
beginning to realize it's not fear I
think what you're trying to do is
preserve and protect
what do you think yeah I agree
there's Yvonne support player protecting
taking it for the team and boy did you
take it this time
who are you protecting
I'm not asking you to name those people
I mean in general like you know just to
be clear
what does it feel like you're protecting
a lot of things
you
how are you feeling right now
okay
you
this may sound kind of weird but I have
faith in you I don't know exactly for
what but I'm in your corner
and yeah I hope you didn't dodge that
one
she don't okay good you've got so many d
buffs right now you can't dodge anything
it's true just take anything at this
point
yeah so I I mean I think you're a good
person in oddly enough a bond so I'm
gonna talk a little bit because I think
it may help you feel like like less in
your head which may be as bad maybe it's
good but I'm gonna do it because I feel
like I got a I got a taunt okay so I'm
gonna tank and I'm gonna you want to
keep going guys to stay silent no no you
can go okay you want to explore your
feelings right now or you want me to
take the camera off of you
[Music]
no you can go okay so oddly enough I
think this is making a lot more sense to
me because I think that how can I say
this
so I tend to be an optimist and when I
think about you know what people make
sacrifices for I tend to think that they
make sacrifices and ultimately like the
biggest sacrifice that you're making is
yourself here right can we sort of see
that you're like you're paying the price
for something we don't really know
exactly what it is you're protecting a
lot of things you're protecting the
world from coming down with your silence
and like this is your cross to bear
there's this idea that like we can
protect the world with our suffering and
that's what I see you doing and the
interesting thing the interesting
assumption here is that people think
that women stay silent not just women
but men too just victims stay silent out
of negative emotions and to me that's
never really like fit perfectly because
like fear is a powerful motivator but
for the amount of suffering that people
put themselves through and feel and
carry and don't let go because people
hold on to it right it actually makes
far more sense to me that there's
actually like a noble reason in your
mind that allows you to put yourself
through this
yeah like protection and being a support
and taking care of others and
maintaining stability are like the
reasons that we put up with [ __ ] like
that actually makes way more sense to me
and that's not something that I had
really ever understood or appreciated
until we had this conversation everyone
just assumes that it's like fear right
but I think it's all kinds of like other
stuff and I'm not getting this from you
quite yet but I really wonder if it's
down there like sometimes you know the
reason that some women stay silent in
the car is because when he touches you
in a weird way your mind thinks that if
you're a boyfriend knew he would break
up with you
what do you think about that mm-hmm that
wasn't the case for me yeah I'm not
getting that from you I think it's
actually quite I'm happy that you're not
doing that because sometimes women blame
themselves for being victims I kind of
did a little bit in the sense of like
because my boyfriend did ask me like why
didn't I say anything at the time
because he was right there or he is
there like I didn't tell him until the
guy left our friend's place and I said
like I don't know I just like froze and
I couldn't say anything at the time and
that's just how I explained it and I
guess like I don't
I didn't blame myself because I didn't
want to be in that situation in the
first place and he put me there so it's
like how I react
is it
why am I to blame for how I reacted when
I did try to like move him away and like
I didn't even want to be put in that
situation in the first place
and you don't blame yourself mm-hmm
that's rare it's also hard to not put
them yourself because a lot of times
people do blame themselves do you blame
yourself for not saying no more
forcefully
I feel like I tried but it's like I was
put in a situation I didn't expect that
also I didn't know what to do and it's
like thinking on your feet but your
brains not really working because you're
like trying to process what's going on
so
yeah I just think that
it's not my fault that he just literally
couldn't keep his hands to himself yeah
I think there's something really
important there too so a lot of people
when they look at a story like this
they say that you could have said no at
any point mm-hmm right you could have
told your friend what the [ __ ] are you
doing in my bed
mm-hmm you could have said hey like
don't touch me I have a boyfriend and
he's sitting right over there go [ __ ]
yourself mm-hmm you know there are a lot
of people who will say that and it
they're not wrong right you could have
said no mm-hmm
and at the same time I don't think that
people really understand or appreciate
even women will say this about other
women by the way I don't think they
understand or appreciate the
physiological response that happens when
something like this happens and how like
your mental goes boom like you're just
not thinking clearly like it's there's
something there forces within you that
keep you from speaking and we don't
really understand that or appreciate
that and the weird thing is it's kind of
interesting because you say that you
weren't prepared for the situation I
think they're in actually lies off the
problem and what I'm really like
grateful honestly Yvonne from the bottom
of my heart as a as a father of like two
daughters I am like really grateful for
you that you're like saying this because
this is how people get prepared right is
like someone like you have to know that
it can happen before it actually happens
yeah and a lot of times like like the
problem is that no one knows that the
[ __ ] can happen it's like everyone just
assumes mmm because as you put it he's a
friendly guy and the other guy has been
a friend of yours for a long time
and so we're not prepared and like it's
hard to say
next thing so it's like how do you feel
right now by the way I feel better okay
yeah
I've tanked so now now we have an
interesting question right so like we
got to figure out can we keep going or
is this enough for today and if you can
keep going I'm gonna drop aggro and put
it back on you but only if you're ready
yeah I'm ready okay so now I think we've
got to talk about like why I'm not once
again I'm not trying to pressure you
into speaking or anything like that so
please understand that but I do think
it's important very important for people
to understand why you can talk about the
general out in general and view yourself
why you can talk about the generalities
of the situation without naming names
mm-hmm right so you like what is it that
keeps you from speaking fine like your
your you know your mind isn't wasn't
functioning back then there's like a
physiological stress response there's
actually you know there's a and just so
people know you ever heard of something
called catatonia No
okay so I'll just tell I'll show you
guys a paper later so there's a there's
a mammalian survival response which is
to freeze and play that so it's like
some people call it playing possum so
you like you know when some animals are
attacked they just like literally freeze
there's a psychiatric condition called
catatonia which is fascinating to see
but it's like when people become like
literally stop and and like they can't
speak they can't move they're like
sitting there just with their eyes open
and they're like minimally responsive to
stimuli and so people have hypothesized
that so catatonia is like actually
something that happens to people
sometimes with like schizophrenia they
can have different kinds of conditions
and so there's actually like a
neurological response that causes you to
lock up and not it's like your biology
is just sort of playing dead and that
state is called catatonia and later on
when you guys get professor dr. K then
or Professor K or whatever I'll show you
guys papers and physiology and stuff
like that but I think what happened to
you when people blame you for not
speaking and when people when when
people say oh you could have said no at
any time and when even people say like
oh you should have said something just
say something people need to understand
that there's actually like physiological
evidence that shows that when human
beings are in danger literally what they
do is lock up it's not like a
psychological lock up it's like a
neurological lock up
it's [ __ ] me yeah um I don't know I
don't even know what I was talking about
there but oh yeah so so what I was
saying is that you know the reason that
you didn't speak back then is because of
maybe a catatonic response fine it was a
survival response you froze the reason
that you're not speaking now I suspect
is different because you are walking and
talking right it's not the catatonic
response it's something else so I'd
really like to understand what that is
can we talk about that
okay okay thank you I appreciate that
and once again you know you get to pull
the plug at any point you want okay and
I may pull the plug if I think you know
I'm gonna try to pull the plug for you
if I think that you'd go into a
catatonic space and you can't pull the
plug yourself okay so what is it that
makes it hard for you to name names
there's a lot of implications that come
along with it what kind of implications
implications for you implications for
them implications for mutual people it
feels like the whole world okay so let's
stop and think about that for a second
when I tell you Yvonne that I'm afraid
of doing something because it has
implications for the whole world how
would you interpret that
what would you think about
I'm not sure um I mean it depends like
what I'm asking you why you're not like
what you're not sharing and stuff but
yeah so it's like you said before that I
want to protect and so I can't okay can
you tell us so my first thought is that
when someone feels like it has
implications from the whole world that
sounds like a emotional thought as
opposed to a logical thought what do you
think about that I agree so what is the
emotion that is keeping you from
speaking is it fear is it shame is it
anger is it love
adding its love
yeah man that makes so much more I've
never realized this until today but like
it makes so much sense you know and and
I mean this is such a hard conversation
to have because how do i how do we
understand this more without
compromising what your goals are which I
want to respect at all costs
because the question that I want to ask
is like who do you love that you're
trying to protect but I think that
that's the question that you don't want
to answer so I can't ask that question
but I feel like that's the important
question you with me mm-hmm
let me think about this
why do you feel responsible for
protecting the ones that you love
because I want to
you
this may be the final boss by the way
you may be the red boss people have been
looking for the raid boss for a long
time yeah I'm just trying to really
think about
you
okay let me put it to you this way the
people that you're trying to protect
what do you think they would say about
you speaking
if that was ultimately what I wanted to
do I think they would support me 100%
okay but okay so that's a that's an
interesting statement so we're gonna
unpack that a little bit but like it's
kind of interesting because you're
saying if that's what I really wanted to
do they would support me but if you're
makin says if you're but you're not
doing it for yourself you're doing it
for them
Yeah right so so but like so like what
you're saying sort of doesn't make sense
to me is because it's kind of like you
know if I want to I feel like baking a
cake or I'm gonna bake a cake and I'm
gonna bake it for them so I'm gonna put
in all this time and effort for their
sake I'm gonna suffer and stay silent
for that and then if I go to the person
I say like hey like I want to bake this
cake for you and they're like but I want
the cake like you should do whatever you
want to like if you want the cake go for
it you know so it's weird because you're
making a sacrifice for on their behalf
but like I'm not so sure that they want
you to make that sacrifice do you think
they want you to make that sacrifice do
you think they would want you to be
silent
what they would need to be silent I
think they would always want what's like
best for me or like they would want me
be happy it's just also a part of what I
want to do it's a part of what you so
you want to say silent right now yeah
yeah okay and and that's out of
primarily you still think love or do you
think that there's some other stuff
going on there
no I think it's still that okay and okay
so I think if you want to stay silent
then I think maybe we've done enough for
today what do you think yeah that sounds
good to you okay so one last question
mm-hmm and then I should teach you
meditation but boy is it hard to teach
meditation after this yeah so do you do
you feel so I know that you don't want
to name names fine do you feel
comfortable saying who it is that you
love and for whom you're choosing to
stay silent or is that too much because
I can't I don't I don't know if that's
the same people uh just think in general
there's like not a lot I want to say in
regards to that okay cool
I wish I could because I feel like if
you helped a lot of people but no just
me all right now don't don't worry about
it man I I really don't want you to
worry about that sure I think that let
me put it this way he gone
you have to help everyone you just do
what you can do and if half of the world
or a quarter of the world or 10% of the
world does what you've done today we're
gonna be fine hmm you don't need to lift
for all of us you don't have to be a DC
for the whole [ __ ] every league game
out there we just need like 20 percent
of people to be a DC's right like
literally look it's a beautiful analogy
everything can be learned from legal yes
hmm
and so you've carried plenty for today
you don't need to keep carrying you know
you don't need to carry for other people
I think you've done like that's what
that's what a oe healing is about it's
like each person comes on and like does
their part and then some other noob will
come on and they'll start caring yeah
how you feeling right now uh yeah a
little shaken up I'm getting yeah I mean
I should hope you're a little bit shaken
out I [ __ ] sure yeah yeah I mean I
think I mean a little bit more than you
bargained for huh mm-hmm yeah definitely
yeah an extract a lot of it I thought it
was be like yeah but it was good as good
yeah I mean for what it's worth way more
than what I bargained for yeah you know
I thought we were just gonna be talking
about impostor syndrome because that
[ __ ] I know yeah and you know low
self-esteem and all the sudden it just
feels like suck for so long about other
things but yes you know no pressure in
terms of meditation and I don't even
know what I would teach mm-hmm today I
mean I feel like after after sessions
like today I don't really tell like I
think probably the best thing to do is
for you to just sit and process and
don't try to force your mind to do
anything if you have an animal or a cup
of tea or something tasty or sunlight or
water I think you should go and be with
those things mm-hmm and just let
yourself shed because you've been like
kind of wrung out right does that do you
feel that way
a little thing yeah yeah so you've got
to just let yourself like you know when
I when I twist something and I wring it
out it has a natural tendency to like
want to come back to its former shape
that's what your meditation should be
let yourself return to the person that
you are that's like kind of in your
comfortable neutral state if you have
children I would say that you should
kiss them and cuddle them that's what
I'm gonna do after we're done with this
yeah I'm going to hold my daughters and
possibly I mean this is gonna sound like
a bad joke but touch them in places that
they don't want to be touched
like is their belly button and other
cheeks mmm-hmm and things like that is a
side note I can tell you sorry my wife
told me can't tell you story
sure yeah so my wife actually taught me
a really important lesson so when my
eldest daughter was - she's like four
now um I was trying to convince her to
give me a kiss right yes that's what we
do
and that she was like you know you
should be careful about what you teach
her about like cajoling affection when
she doesn't want to give it mm-hmm
and like what am i signal to her in
terms of like how do you respond when
someone wants you to do something that
you don't feel like doing if I can blew
my mind yeah that's crazy that makes so
I never even thought of it that way yeah
I never thought of it that way either
but now I just I totally like respect
their boundaries which is like you know
can Daddy yes if she says no and then
I'll beg and plead a little bit but then
I'll be like okay well can I give you a
kiss okay I mean yeah it's really
interesting how a lot of this stuff is
baked in right yeah it's teaching her
that she's allowed to say no when it
comes to physical affection is like
apparently something that you start
learning when you're 2 and it really
makes me think long and hard about like
why you couldn't say no then and what
the programming in your brain was that
started when like literally you were 2
years old or when your year old mm-hmm
so it was kind of eye-opening it's
interesting
Tapp daughters could be a man learn a
lot
I bet yeah but it's a very good thing I
feel like you empathize a lot and think
a lot from their shoes
yeah I I hope so I feel like most of the
time I just don't understand them
they're just completely different
creatures sometimes I give you like but
yeah yeah so believe on listen thank you
very much for coming on today and I
think really strong work like that's I
mean you [ __ ] carried this [ __ ] yeah
thank you so much for having me
it was uh is really really nice and
really helpful that boggles my mind I
mean I feel like we just you know you
you look like you just ran a marathon
yeah and I don't usually expect people
to say thank you after that but I mean
for what it's worth you're welcome
hopefully it helps you hopefully it
helps other people I feel really
grateful because I feel like hopefully
we understand a little bit more about
like you know this whole situation which
I think is far more complicated than
people give it credit for mm-hmm so and
and good for you for you know striving
for independence and living a life
without regrets yeah thank you
well hopefully it works out that way I
certainly hope so too yeah it sounds
like you're your most recent
ex-boyfriend was a really solid guy so
masters we got him yes cool take care
thank you
oh [ __ ] chat
Jesus oh man Chad I'm so owned you guys
really want me to meditate now I can't
meditate man
you